Q1. What is Emmet ? 

Emmet is a plug-in built for various languages which helps developers write
code quickly. (They speed up the process)
For eg: using ! (exclamation symbol) at the start of blank HTML page will 
result in pre-loaded boiler plate code written for us. This ! symbol usage is
called Emmet abbrevation and more such can be found here.
https://docs.emmet.io/cheat-sheet/


Q2. Difference between a Library and Framework ? 

Library and Framework both are user-written code but the major difference lies
in the controlability they offer. 

Library offers extensive control to the developer, for example using of 
jQuery and methods provided by jQuery. A library can be included in our code
using CDN (other methods can be found on the site).

A Framework on the other hand lays out the code for developer which they must
modify according to their requirment. Framework follows a concept of Inversion 
of Control (IoC).

Note: React is a library.


Q3. What is CDN ? Why do we use it.

CDN refers to Content Delivery Network. The Content which we wish to use
is available on the network. In order to use that content, the developers 
use the link provided in the docs and paste it in the appropriate place in 
our code making the content available in our system without locally 
downloading all the resources.

Using CDN links is a very fast way to incorporate the resources which we 
wish to use in our code.


Q4. Why is React known as React?

When the data changes the front-end view also must change (or REACT) according 
to it and hence maybe called as React.


Q5. What is crossorigin in script tag ?

It is a attribute which is used to tell the mode of request. By writing crossorigin in 
<script> tag, the code wants resources like images, style sheets etc from other domain.
These are known as CORS (crossorigin-request).

Q6. What is difference between React and ReactDOM ?

React is the core library which is used to create views whereas ReactDOM is the
one responsible for rendering the UI which we created using React library. Both of them 
must be included before starting our main javaScript.

Q7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN? 

The development files are slow compared to production files as production files have
minified code. It results in faster execution of our code and client side files will
be production files.

Q8. What is async and defer ?

They are attributes used with script tag. When async attribute is used inside script tag
then the browser loads the HTML and once the script is available to execute then its 
execution will take place. The script can execute even before the entire HTML is execute.
The defer tag allows the browser to completely load the HTML code before executing the 
js code inside the script tag.

Note :- Both async and defer will only work if script tag has `src` attribute.
